docs: add shortcut guide (#559)
vuejs/devtools-next: docs/getting-started/features.md

# Features

Discover all the features of the Vue DevTools.

> You can open or close Vue DevTools with `Shift+Alt+D` or `Shift+Option+D` shortcut.

Reviewer: It only works with Vite plugin, but we now have multi-client support (standalone app, browser extension)

Author: Maybe we can label it here: `If you are using vite plugin, you can ...` ?

Author: > Maybe we can label it here: `If you are using Vite plugin, you can ...` ?

@webfansplz I updated it to `If you are using Vite plugin, you can open or close Vue DevTools with `Shift+Alt+D` or `Shift+Option+D` shortcut.`, what do you think?

> If you are using Vite plugin, you can open or close Vue DevTools with `Shift+Alt+D` or `Shift+Option+D` shortcut.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the Vite plugin, you can open or close Vue DevTools with the keyboard shortcuts `Shift+Alt+D` or `Shift+Option+D`.
```
Minor English revision suggestion 🙇🏼‍♂️

## Inspector

> Inspector expose the [vite-plugin-vue-inspector](https://github.com/webfansplz/vite-plugin-vue-inspector) integration, you can inspect your app's DOM tree and see which component is rendering it. Finding the place to make changes are much easier. You can active it with `Ctrl+Shift` or `Cmd+Shift` shortcut. When activated, you can use `Esc` shortcut to exit. You can customize shortcut by [`Options.componentInspector.toggleComboKey`](/guide/vite-plugin#options)

Author: This the shortcut depend on #558 .

> Inspector expose the [vite-plugin-vue-inspector](https://github.com/webfansplz/vite-plugin-vue-inspector) integration, you can inspect your app's DOM tree and see which component is rendering it. Finding the place to make changes are much easier. You can active it with `Ctrl+Shift` or `Cmd+Shift` shortcut. When activated, you can use `Esc` shortcut to exit. You can customize shortcut by [`Options.componentInspector.toggleComboKey`](/guide/vite-plugin#options)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The inspector exposes the [vite-plugin-vue-inspector](https://github.com/webfansplz/vite-plugin-vue-inspector) integration. With this integration you can inspect any element in your app's DOM tree and see which Vue component is responsible for rendering it, making it much easier to find the right place to make changes.

You can activate it with the keyboard shortcut `Ctrl+Shift` or `Cmd+Shift`. When activated, you can press `Esc` to exit. You can customize shortcut keybindings via the [`Options.componentInspector.toggleComboKey`](/guide/vite-plugin#options) option.
```

English revision suggestion
